# List
List is an ordered collection (sequence) of elements.
# Set
Set is a collection that contains no duplicates and the mathematical set abstraction.
# Map
Map is an object that maps keys to values, the keys must be unique and always must have one associated value. 

## Difference between Set, List and Map

Set and List are two interfaces of Java Collection framework, on the other side Map is just an Interface but provides three collection views, which allows map's content to be viewed as a set of keys - value mapping. Each one has different benefits that depending on the use would be better choose one from another. Here  are some comparisons to determine that:

### Duplicate Objects
Main difference between List an Set is that list allows duplicates while Set doesn´t, on the other hand Map allows duplicate values but keys are always unique.

### Order
This is another important difference between List and Set, List is an ordered collection while Set is an unordered collection and Map has the keys that could be used for order purposes but is not guaranteed.

### Null Elements
List allows as many nulls as you want, Set only allows one null, because it can't have duplicates, and Map allows as many null values as you want but only one null key.

## When should be use List, Set and Map
	- If you need to access to elements frequently by using index you should use List (ArrayList).
	- If you want to store elements and want them to maintain an order on which they are inserted into collection then go for List again, as List is an ordered collection and maintain insertion order.
	- If you want to create collection of unique elements and don't want any duplicate then choose Set.
	- If you want to store the data using key value then Map is the right choice.