c:\users\sebas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoMoviles\ProyectoMoviles\obj\Debug\ProyectoMoviles.csproj.App.config
c:\users\sebas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoMoviles\ProyectoMoviles\obj\Debug\ProyectoMoviles.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\sebas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoMoviles\ProyectoMoviles\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\sebas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoMoviles\ProyectoMoviles\obj\Debug\Views\Files.g.cs
c:\users\sebas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoMoviles\ProyectoMoviles\obj\Debug\Views\Messages.g.cs
c:\users\sebas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoMoviles\ProyectoMoviles\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\sebas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoMoviles\ProyectoMoviles\obj\Debug\ProyectoMoviles_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\sebas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoMoviles\ProyectoMoviles\obj\Debug\ProyectoMoviles_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\sebas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoMoviles\ProyectoMoviles\bin\Debug\ProyectoMoviles.exe.config
c:\users\sebas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoMoviles\ProyectoMoviles\bin\Debug\ProyectoMoviles.exe
c:\users\sebas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoMoviles\ProyectoMoviles\bin\Debug\ProyectoMoviles.pdb
c:\users\sebas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoMoviles\ProyectoMoviles\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\sebas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoMoviles\ProyectoMoviles\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\sebas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoMoviles\ProyectoMoviles\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\sebas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoMoviles\ProyectoMoviles\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\sebas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoMoviles\ProyectoMoviles\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\sebas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoMoviles\ProyectoMoviles\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\sebas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoMoviles\ProyectoMoviles\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\sebas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoMoviles\ProyectoMoviles\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\sebas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoMoviles\ProyectoMoviles\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\sebas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoMoviles\ProyectoMoviles\obj\Debug\Views\Files.baml
c:\users\sebas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoMoviles\ProyectoMoviles\obj\Debug\Views\Messages.baml
c:\users\sebas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoMoviles\ProyectoMoviles\obj\Debug\ProyectoMoviles.g.resources
c:\users\sebas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoMoviles\ProyectoMoviles\obj\Debug\ProyectoMoviles.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\sebas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoMoviles\ProyectoMoviles\obj\Debug\ProyectoMoviles.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\sebas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoMoviles\ProyectoMoviles\obj\Debug\ProyectoMoviles.exe
c:\users\sebas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoMoviles\ProyectoMoviles\obj\Debug\ProyectoMoviles.pdb
